We now need to open up our moderation service and make sure that we've got some code inside there to
handle this comment created event.
So as soon as we receive that comment, we'll then do some checking on the content of the comment and
then we're going to attempt to emit comment moderated.
So let's go ahead and give it a shot.
Back inside my editor, I will find the moderation service.
Inside there, I'll find the index dogs file.
So we've got this post request handler right here to watch for any request going to our events endpoint.
So this is where we are going to receive an event from our broker.
Remember that the event itself is going to be contained on the rec body property because we are receiving
all these events as simple post requests for right now.
So off of that wrecked body property, we will pull off the events type and the data associated with
it.
Well, then take a look at the type and we'll say if the type is equal to comment created, then we
want to go through this entire content moderation thing.
The first thing we have to do inside of here is decide whether or not to approve or reject the comment.
To do so, we're going to set up a ternary expression.
So let's say con status is going to be data content.
Remember, that is the actual content of the comment itself.
We're going to check to see if that includes a string of orange.
If it does that we want to assign rejected to status.
Otherwise we will assign approved like so.
So now that we've moderated the comment, we've got the status right here.
So now we need to make sure that we emit this common moderated event.
So we're going to make a post request over to our event bus just as we've done several times.
We will make sure that we include the comment along with the new updated status.
So I will make a.
Post requests to HTTP colon local host and remember our event bus is at 4005 events.
Then we will give this thing a type of comment moderated.
And for the data we will include the comments.
ID is post ID.
The content itself and the updated status.
So we will say the ID of this comment is data ID.
The post ID is data post ID.
The status is going to be the status that we just calculated right here.
And then finally the content will be data content.
Now, one thing I want to point out right here is that I just kind of pulled these properties of ID,
post ID and content off the top of my head.
I just kind of remembered them, but I could have very easily forgotten the different properties that
were contained inside of an event of type content created.
You and I know what is inside of the Common Create event because we were just looking at the definition
of that event a moment ago when it was emitted from our comment service.
So here's the comment service.
Here's where we create that event so we can look back at this thing right here and very easily see the
different properties that comment created has.
Well, I think you can kind of imagine that if we were working on a large system, understanding the
different properties that were contained inside of any given event can be really challenging.
Definitely.
Without a doubt.
It'd be hard to remember off the top of your head, so chances are we would want some kind of documentation
or something like that to reflect or kind of document what different properties exist inside of every
event that exists inside of our application.
There's just something I want you to keep in your mind for right now, because it's going to be very
relevant later on.
Okay.
So now next up, we made use of the a keyword inside of here.
Let's make sure that we mark this function as async.
And then finally, right after the closing curly brace of the if statement, we do need to make sure
that we eventually send off a response.
Otherwise, this request handler is just going to hang.
Okay.
So this looks good.
So this gets us caught up to creating this comment moderated event and sending it off to our event bus.
There is one little thing that we need to make sure we do very quickly.
Right now, our event bus is not sending any events to the moderation service just because we created
the Moderation Service after we made the event bus.
Let's make sure that whenever the event bus creates or receives a comment, it sends it out to the moderation
service as well.
So back inside of my event bus directory, I'll find the indexed JS file.
So right here is where we receive all the different events and then we just turn right back around and
send them off to all these different running services.
So again, 4000 is Post's comments query and we just have not added in the moderation one just yet.
So let's paste one of those lines down and then just make sure we update the port to 4003, which is
where our moderation service is running at.
Okay.
I'll say this file and close it.
So let's take another pause right here.
When we come back in the next video, we're going to make sure that when the event bus receives comment
moderated and sends it over to comments service, we're going to make sure that we receive that event
inside of comments service.
Take a look at the status property, update the status of the appropriate comment and then emit this
comment updated event as well.
So still a little bit to do.
Let's take care of that in just a moment.